Document Credential: isConditionalMediationAvailable() static method (#41022)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/credential/isconditionalmediationavailable_static/index.md

---
title: "Credential: isConditionalMediationAvailable() static method"
short-title: isConditionalMediationAvailable()
slug: Web/API/Credential/isConditionalMediationAvailable_static
page-type: web-api-static-method
browser-compat: api.Credential.isConditionalMediationAvailable_static
---

{{APIRef("Web Authentication API")}}{{securecontext_header}}

The **`isConditionalMediationAvailable()`** static method of the {{domxref("Credential")}} interface returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} which resolves to `false`.

> Sub classes of {{domxref("Credential")}} override this method if they support conditional mediation. See {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential.isConditionalMediationAvailable_static", "PublicKeyCredential.isConditionalMediationAvailable()")}}, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclasses of {{domxref("Credential")}} override this method if they support conditional mediation. See {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential.isConditionalMediationAvailable_static", "PublicKeyCredential.isConditionalMediationAvailable()")}}, for example.
```
